---
title: Thin is in
date: 2005-09-13
slug: thin_is_in
---
<p>There was this one Sanyo phone that a buddy of mine owned way back in the day; it was super-thin and super sexy. Maybe it was a Panasonic &#8230; I don&#8217;t remember. Anyway, from then on I knew that <em>thin is in</em>. It took a while, but Apple realized it too, and did the 17&#8221; PowerBook G4 thing with their less-than-one-inch claim. Motorola finally jumped on the trend, too, with the RAZR mobile phone. Now, Apple&#8217;s really taking it to the next level with the nano. Of course, <a href="http://www.seansperte.com/index.php/seansperte/entry/thin_big_and_bold/">my own design</a> reflects this trend-setting motif as well. 
It&#8217;s interesting that we desire thin over fat. Besides increased mobility (a trait we could easily overcome if we put our minds to it) there&#8217;s really no logical reason to choose a thin or smaller device over a larger one. Nevertheless, we do.</p>

<p>I spent part of my weekend trying to track down an iPod nano here locally (we have 4 Apple Stores in the area). I found a store that still had a few 4GB models in stock, so I decided to try and make it; even though I was told the line at the registers was out the door. Long story short, I didn&#8217;t make it. Let&#8217;s just say, Husky traffic sucks.</p>

<p>Why do I want the nano so bad, though? Feature-wise the thing falls short in many areas:</p>

<ul>
<li>Storage</li>
<li>FM (broadcast and receive)</li>
<li>Microphone</li>
<li>FireWire</li>
<li>Battery life</li>
</ul>

<p>How does it fall short, you ask? Just ask <a href="http://www.creative.com/products/product.asp?category=213&subcategory=214&product=14107">Creative</a>. Their Zen MicroPhoto device beats out the nano in every one of those categories (with the exception of FireWire suppoort). But the Creative player is ugly and sports ugly colors &#8230; and is <em>big</em>. Got that? Big.</p>

<p>So for an extra 2GB, a FM receiver, microphone, removable battery, and a savings of $20, I could get myself a (not-so) fancy Zen MicroPhoto. There&#8217;s no way in [edit] I&#8217;m going to, though. Apple&#8217;s quality, design and interface is just too sexy. It&#8217;s clean. It&#8217;s thin. It&#8217;s <em>in</em>.</p>

<p>What makes the freakin&#8217; thing so <em>in</em>?</p>

<p>It doesn&#8217;t matter, really. The thing is what it is, and I want one. We <em>all</em> want one.</p>